In 2010, the percentage of Americans without health insurance was 16.3%, or 49.9 million uninsured people. Source: US Census Bureau
Since the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) was created in 1997, the percentage of children ages 0-17 with health insurance has increased from 86% to 93%. Source: National Center for Health Statistics: December 201
Of the 83.7% of people with health insurance in 2010, coverage was 55.3% employment-based, 9.8% direct-purchase, and 31.0% government funded (Medicare, Medicaid, Military). (Overlap reflects coverage by more than one type of health insurance). Source: US Census Bureau
The primary reason given for lack of health insurance coverage in 2005 was cost (more than 50%), lost job or a change in employment (24%), Medicaid benefits stopped (10%), ineligibility for family insurance coverage due to age or leaving school (8%). Source: National Center for Health Statistics
More than 40 million adults stated that they needed but did not receive one or more of these health services (medical care, prescription medicines, mental health care, dental care, or eyeglasses) in 2005 because they could not afford it. Source: National Center for Health Statistics
Medicaid, which accounted for 15.9% of health care coverage in 2010, is a health insurance program jointly funded by the federal and state governments to provide health care for qualifying low-income individuals. Source: US Census Bureau
Medicare, a federally funded health insurance program that covers the health care of most individuals 65 years of age and over and disabled persons, accounted for 14.5% of health care coverage in 2010. Source: US Census Bureau
Medicare operates with 3% overhead, non-profit insurance 16% overhead, and private (for-profit) insurance 26% overhead. Source: Journal of American Medicine 2007
The United States is the only wealthy, industrialized nation that does not have a universal health care system. Source: Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences
2.5 million young adults have gained health insurance as a result of the provision in the Affordable Care Act that allows them to remain on their parents insurance plans until age 26. Source: National Center for Health Statistics: December 2011
Health care expenditures in the United States were nearly $2.6 trillion in 2010, an average of $8,402 per person. Source: Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services
In 2009, national health care expenditures were paid by households 28%, private businesses 21%, state and local governments 16%, and federal government 27%. Source: Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services
75% of all health care dollars are spent on patients with one or more chronic conditions, many of which can be prevented, including diabetes, obesity, heart disease, lung disease, high blood pressure, and cancer. Source: Health Affairs
Half of health care spending is used to treat just 5% of the population. Source: Kaiser Family Foundation, May 2012
Since 2001, employer-sponsored health coverage for family premiums has increased by 113%. Source: Kaiser Family Foundation, May 2012
The share of the economy devoted to health care has increased from 7.2% in 1970 to 17.9% in 2009 and 2010. Source: Kaiser Family Foundation, May 2012
The U.S. spends substantially more on health care than other developed countries. As of 2009, health spending in the U.S. was about 90% higher than in many other industrialized countries. The most likely causes are higher prices, more readily accessible technology, and greater obesity. Source: Kaiser Family Foundation, May 2012
In 2005, the United States ranked 30th in infant mortality. Singapore has the lowest rate with 2.1 deaths per 1000 live births, while the United States has a rate of 6.9 deaths per 1000 live births. Infant mortality is considered an important indicator of the health of a nation. Source: CDC, NCHS Data Brief, Number 23, November 2009
Approximately 30,000 infants die in the United States each year. The infant mortality rate, which is the risk of death during the first year of life, is related to the underlying health of the mother, public health practices, socioeconomic conditions, and availability and use of appropriate health care for infants and pregnant women. Sources: CDC and National Center for Health Statistics, 2008
The main cause contributing to the high infant mortality rate in the United States is the very high percentage of preterm births. One in 8 births in the United States were born preterm, an increase of 36% since 1984. Source: CDC, NCHS Data Brief, Number 23, November 2009
Life expectancy at birth in the United States is an estimated 78.49 years, which ranks 50th in highest total life expectancy compared to other countries. Source: CIA Factbook (2011)
Lack of health insurance is associated with as many as 44,789 deaths per year in the United States. Source: Harvard Medical School Study, American Journal of Public Health, December 2009
People without health insurance had a 40 percent higher risk of death than those with private health insurance, a result of being unable to obtain necessary medical care. Source: Harvard Medical School Study, American Journal of Public Health, December 2009
Nearly two-thirds, or 62%, of all bankruptcy filings in the United States in 2007 were due to illness or medical bills. Source: American Journal of Medicine, June 2009
Among the medical bankruptcy filers in 2007, most were well-educated, owned homes, employed in middle-class occupations, and three-quarters had health insurance. Source: American Journal of Medicine, June 2009
The chairman of Aetna, the third largest health insurance company in the United States, brought in a staggering $68.7 million during 2010. Ron Williams exercised stock options that were worth approximately $50.3 million and he raked in an additional $18.4 million in wages and other forms of compensation.  The funny thing is that he left the company and didn’t even work the whole year.
The top executives at the five largest for-profit health insurance companies in the United States combined to receive nearly $200 million in total compensation in 2009.
One study found that approximately 41 percent of working age Americans either have medical bill problems or are currently paying off medical debt.
Over the last decade, the number of Americans without health insurance has risen from about 38 million to about 52 million.?
According to one survey, approximately 1 out of every 4 Californians under the age of 65 has absolutely no health insurance.
According to a report published in The American Journal of Medicine, medical bills are a major factor in more than 60 percent of the personal bankruptcies in the United States.  Of those bankruptcies that were caused by medical bills, approximately 75 percent of them involved individuals that actually did have health insurance.
Profits at U.S. health insurance companies increased by 56 percent during 2009.
According to a report by Health Care for America Now, America’s five biggest for-profit health insurance companies ended 2009 with a combined profit of $12.2 billion.
Health insurance rate increases are getting out of control.  According to the Los Angeles Times, Blue Shield of California plans to raise rates an average of 30% to 35%, and some individual policy holders could see their health insurance premiums rise by a whopping 59 percent this year alone.
According to an article on the Mother Jones website, health insurance premiums for small employers in the U.S. increased 180% between 1999 and 2009.
Why are c-sections on the rise?  It is because a vaginal delivery costs approximately $5,992 on average, while a c-section costs approximately $8,558 on average.
Since 2003, health insurance companies have shelled out more than $42 million in state-level campaign contributions.
Between 2000 and 2006, wages in the United States increased by 3.8%, but health care premiums increased by 87%.
There were more than two dozen pharmaceutical companies that made over a billion dollars in profits in 2008.
Each year, tens of billions of dollars is spent on pharmaceutical marketing in the United States alone.
Nearly half of all Americans now use prescription drugs on a regular basis according to a CDC report that was just released. According to the report, approximately one-third of all Americans use two or more pharmaceutical drugs, and more than ten percent of all Americans use five or more prescription drugs on a regular basis.
According to the CDC, approximately three quarters of a million people a year are rushed to emergency rooms in the United States because of adverse reactions to pharmaceutical drugs.
The Food and Drug Administration reported 1,742 prescription drug recalls in 2009, which was a gigantic increase from 426 drug recalls in 2008.
Lawyers are certainly doing their part to contribute to soaring health care costs.  According to one recent study, the medical liability system in the United States added approximately $55.6 billion to the cost of health care in 2008.
According to one doctor interviewed by Fox News, “a gunshot wound to the head, chest or abdomen” will cost $13,000 at his hospital the moment the victim comes in the door, and then there will be significant additional charges depending on how bad the wound is.
In America today, if you have an illness that requires intensive care for an extended period of time, it is ridiculously really easy to rack up medical bills that total over 1 million dollars.
It is estimated that hospitals overcharge Americans by about 10 billion dollars every single year.
One trained medical billing advocate says that over 90 percent of the medical bills that she has audited contain “gross overcharges“.
It is not uncommon for insurance companies to get hospitals to knock their bills down by up to 95 percent, but if you are uninsured or you don’t know how the system works then you are out of luck.
According to one recent report, Americans spend approximately twice as much as residents of other developed countries on health care.
In 21 states, Wal-Mart is the single largest employer
One of Hewlett Packard's first ideas was an automatic urinal flusher
As you age, your eye color gets lighter
There are more cars in Southern California than there are cows in India
The two-foot long bird called a Kea that lives in New Zealand likes to eat the strips of rubber around car windows
The province of Alberta, Canada is completely free of rats
Illinois has the most personalized license plates of any state
If a statue in the park of a person on a horse has both front legs in the air, the person died in battle; if the horse has one front leg in the air, the person died as a result of wounds received in battle; if the horse has all four legs on the ground, the person died of natural causes
There are two credit cards for every person in the United States
The international telephone dialing code for Antarctica is 672
The average chocolate bar has 8 insect legs in it
There are 206 bones in the adult human body, but 300 in children (some of the bones fuse together as a child grows)
Fleas can jump 130 times higher than their own height. In human terms this is equal to a 6 foot person jumping 780 feet into the air
Snakes are true carnivores as they eat nothing but other animals. They do not eat any type of plant material
There are no venomous snakes in Maine
The blue whale can produce sounds up to 188 decibels. This is the loudest sound produced by a living animal and has been detected as far away as 530 miles
The human eye blinks an average of 4,200,000 times a year
It takes approximately 12 hours for food to entirely digest
Erosion at the base of Niagara Falls (USA) undermines the shale cliffs and as a result, the falls have receded approximately 7 miles over the last 10,000 years
The longest living cells in the body are brain cells which can live an entire lifetime
The Main Library at Indiana University sinks over an inch every year because when it was built engineers failed to take into account the weight of all the books that would occupy the building
North Dakota has never had an earthquake
Alexander Graham Bell (who invented the telephone) also set a world water-speed record of over seventy miles an hour at the age of 72
There is enough fuel in a full tank of a jumbo jet to drive an average car four times around the world
Hawaii is moving toward Japan 4 inches every year
Chimps are the only animals that can recognize themselves in a mirror
The leg bones of a bat are so thin that no bat can walk
There are more living organisms on the skin of a single human being than there are human beings on the surface of the earth
Marilyn Monroe had six toes on one foot
If you keep a goldfish in the dark room, it will eventually turn white
Women blink nearly twice as much as men
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak
Almonds are members of the peach family
Maine is the only state whose name is just one syllable
Americans on the average eat 18 acres of pizza every day
One person in two billion will live to be 116 or older
If you yelled for 8 years, 7 months and 6 days, you would have produced enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee
February 1865 is the only month in recorded history not to have a full moon
More people are killed by donkeys annually than are killed in plane crashes
Lorne Greene had one of his nipples bitten off by an alligator while he was host of "Lorne Greene's Animal Kingdom"
The dot that appears over the letter "i" is called a tittle
All major league baseball umpires must wear black underwear while on the job (in case their pants split)
The Spanish word esposa means "wife." The plural, esposas, means "wives," but also "handcuffs.
If all Americans used one third less ice in their drinks the United States would become a net exporter instead of an importer of energy
If the Nile River were stretched across the United States, it would run nearly from New York to Los Angeles
San Francisco cable cars are the only National Monuments that move
The Hoover Dam was built to last 2,000 years. Its concrete will not be fully cured for another 500 years
Abraham Lincoln's dog, Fido, was assassinated too
All of David Letterman's suits are custom made - there are no creases in his suit trousers
Cranberry Jell-O is the only flavor that contains real fruit flavoring
Fewer than half of the 16,200 major league baseball players have ever hit a home run
In comic strips, the person on the left always speaks first
Richard Versalle, a tenor performing at New York's Metropolitan Opera House, suffered a heart attack and fell 10 feet from a ladder to the stage just after singing the line "You can only live so long.
If the entire population of earth was reduced to exactly 100 people, 51% would be female, 49% male; 50% of the world's currency would be held by 6 people, one person would be nearly dead, one nearly born
In 1920, Babe Ruth out-homered every American League team
Topless saleswomen are legal in Liverpool, England, but only in tropical fish stores
Toxic house plants poison more children than household chemicals
The original name of Bank of America was Bank of Italy
The ant, when intoxicated, will always fall over to its right side
The California Department of Motor Vehicles has issued six driver's licenses to six different people named Jesus Christ
Michael Jordan makes more money from Nike each year than all the Nike factory workers in Malaysia combined
People in China and Japan die disproportionately on the 4th of each month because the words death and four sound alike, and they are represented by the same symbol
Chicago is closer to Moscow than it is to Rio de Janeiro
Dogs have two sets of teeth, just like humans. They first have 30 "puppy" teeth, then 42 adult teeth
In 1950, President Harry Truman threw out the first ball twice at the opening day Washington DC baseball game; once right handed and once left handed
A Swiss ski resort announced it would combat global warming by wrapping its mountain glaciers in aluminum foil to keep them from melting
The chameleon has a tongue that is one and a half times the length of his body
Beethoven dipped his head in cold water before he composed
There once was a town named "6" in West Virginia
Ten years ago, only 500 people in China could ski. This year, an estimated 5,000,000 Chinese will visit ski resorts
In 1920, Babe Ruth broke the single season home run record, with 29. The same year, he became the first major leaguer to hit 30 home runs. The same year, he became the first major leaguer to hit 40 home runs. The same year, he became the first major leaguer to hit 50 home runs
A Nigerian woman was caught entering the UK with 104 kg of snails in her baggage
Profanity is typically cut from in-flight movies to make them suitable for general audiences. Fox Searchlight Pictures has substituted "Ashcroft" for "A**hole" in the movie Sideways when dubbed for Aerolineas Argentinas flights
Author Hunter S. Thompson, who committed suicide recently, wanted to be cremated and his ashes to be shot out of a cannon on his ranch
Sports Illustrated magazine allows subscribers to opt out of receiving the famous swimsuit issue each year. Fewer than 1% choose this option
There is a company that will (for $14,000) take your ashes, compress them into a synthetic diamond to be set in jewelry for a loved one
The RIAA sued an 83 year old woman for downloading music illegally, even though a copy of her death certificate was sent to the RIAA a week before it filed the suit
Two 1903 paintings recently sold at auction for $590,000 - the paintings were in the famous "Dogs Playing Poker" series
Russian scientists have developed a new drug that prolongs drunkenness and enhances intoxication
Romanian firefighters could not get their trucks close enough to a burning building, so they put out the fire by throwing snowballs at it
A perfect SAT score is 1600 combined. Bill Gates scored 1590 on his SAT. Paul Allen, Bill's partner in Microsoft, scored a perfect 1600. Bill Cosby scored less than 500 combined
Motorists traveling outside Salem, Oregon saw one of the "litter cleanup" signs crediting the American Nazi party. Marion County officials had no choice but to let that group into the adopt-a-road program. The $500 per sign was picked up by Oregon taxpayers. The Ku Klux Klan is also involved in the adopt-a-road program in the state of Arkansas
Spam filters that catch the word "cialis" will not allow many work-related e-mails through because that word is embedded inside the word "specialist"
McDonald's restaurants will buy 54,000,000 pounds of fresh apples this year. Two years ago, McDonald's purchased 0 pounds of apples. This is attributed to the shift to more healthy menu options (the Apple Pie, which has been at McDonald's for years uses processed Apple Pie Filling)
The biggest dog on record was an Old English Mastiff that weighed 343 pounds. He was 8 feet, 3 inches from nose to tail
Mailmen in Russia now carry revolvers after a recent decision by the government
All of Queen Anne's 17 children died before she did
There are over 87,000 Americans on waiting lists for organ transplants
American made parts account for only 1% of the Chrysler Crossfire. 96% of the Ford F-150 Heritage Truck is American
A Dutch court ruled that a bank robber could deduct the 2,000 Euros he paid for his pistol from the 6,600 Euros he has to return to the bank he robbed
Only 6% of the autographs in circulation from members of the Beatles are estimated to be real
The time spent deleting SPAM costs United States businesses $21.6 billion annually
60.7 percent of eligible voters participated in the 2004 presidential election, the highest percentage in 36 years. However, more than 78 million did not vote. This means President Bush won re-election by receiving votes from less than 31% of all eligible voters in the United States
John Quincy Adams, sixth president of the United States, loved to skinny dip in the Potomac River
La Paz, Bolivia has an average annual temperature below 50 degrees Fahrenheit. However, it has never recorded a zero-degree temperature. Same for Stanley, Falkland Islands and Punta Arenas, Chile
41% of Chinese people eat at least once a week at a fast food restaurant. 35% of Americans do
A Wisconsin forklift operator for a Miller beer distributor was fired when a picture was published in a newspaper showing him drinking a Bud Light
G-rated family films earn more money than any other rating. Yet only 3% of Hollywood's output is G-rated
Richard Hatch, winner of the first "Survivor" reality series, has been charged with tax evasion for failing to report his $1,000,000 prize
The entire fleet of Unicoi County Tennessee's salt trucks was rendered out of commission in one accident. All three trucks were badly damaged when one of them began skidding down a road, causing a chain reaction accident. Officials blamed road conditions
More people study English in China than speak it in the United States of America (300 million)
Fast food provider Hardee's has recently introduced the Monster Thickburger. It has 1,420 calories and 107 grams of fat
More than 2,500 left-handed people are killed each year from using products that are made for right-handed people
For every person on earth, there are an estimated 200 million insects
There are 2,000,000 millionaires in the United States
1.5 million Americans are charged with drunk driving each year
A Georgia company will mix your loved one's ashes with cement and drop it into the ocean to form an artificial reef
The Washington Times newspaper is owned by the Rev. Sun Myung Moon
The busiest shopping hour of the holiday season is between 3:00 pm and 4:00 pm on Christmas Eve
In 2002, women earned 742,000 bachelor's degrees. Men earned only 550,000 during the same year. The difference is growing so large that many colleges now practice (quietly) affirmative action for male applicants
Most of the deck chairs on the Queen Mary 2 have had to be replaced because overweight Americans were breaking them
Actor Bill Murray doesn't have a publicist or an agent
The day after President George W. Bush was reelected, Canada's main immigration website had 115,000 visitors. Before Bush's re-election, this site averaged about 20,000 visitors each day
Only 30% of stolen artwork worth more than $1,000,000 each is recovered
The typical American child receives 70 new toys a year, most of them during the holiday season
90% of Canada's 31,000,000 citizens live within 100 miles of the U.S. border
Costco is the largest wine retailer in the United States. Annual wine sales are about $700 million
The worst air polluter in the entire state of Washington is Mount St. Helens
There are less than 100 surviving American World War I veterans
Actor Bruce Willis has filed a lawsuit against the movie studio that produced his film "Tears of the Sun", alleging he was struck in the forehead by a fake bullet. Since 2002 (when the movie was in production), the lawsuit claims he has endured "extreme mental, physical, and emotional pain and suffering"
A ten year old mattress weighs double what it did when it was new, because of the -ahem- debris which is absorbed through the years. That debris includes dust mites (their droppings and their decaying bodies), mold, millions of dead skin cells, dandruff, animal and human hair, secretions, excretions, lint, pollen, dust, soil, sand and a lot of perspiration, of which the average person loses a quart per day. Good night
About 20% of gift cards never are redeemed at the full value of the card
John Kerry's hometown newspaper, the Lowell Sun, endorsed George W. Bush for president in 2004. Bush's hometown newspaper, the Lone Star Iconoclast, endorsed John Kerry for president in 2004
Only 939 of the 1,400,000 high school seniors who took the SAT in 2004 got a perfect score of 1600. Two of them are twin brothers Dillon and Jesse Smith from Long Island, NY
Billboard magazine has recently launched a top 20 chart of cell phone ringtones
The US Army is handing out $2,500 to Fallujah residents whose property was destroyed by US planes and artillery
George W. Bush, who presents himself as a man of faith, rarely goes to church. Yet he received votes from nearly two out of three voters who attend church at least once a week
In 2015, it is estimated that half the federal budget will be spent on programs for the elderly
A private elementary school in Alexandria, Virginia, accidentally served margaritas to its schoolchildren, thinking it was limeade
The Chicago Cubs are suing former Hartford Courant newspaper carrier Mark Guthrie to get back $301,000 in pay that was intended to go to a Cubs pitcher with the same name. The Tribune Company owns both the Hartford Courant and the Chicago Cubs
In February 2004, a Disney World employee was killed when he fell from a parade float and was trapped between two float sections. OSHA termed this a serious workplace violation, but Disney was fined only $6,300
Even today, 90% of the continental United States is still open space or farmland
The second Saturday in September is usually a popular time for weddings. Not in 2004, as most couples did not want their anniversaries on September 11
Mel Gibson has personally earned almost $400,000,000 from his movie "The Passion of the Christ"
Austin High School in Texas has removed candy from its vending machines. Now some enterprising students are earning $200 per week dealing in black market candy
In 2004, Virgin Atlantic Airlines introduced a double bed for first class passengers who fly together
The world's largest book, "Bhutan: A Visual Odyssey" is in a Chicago public library. The book measures 5 feet tall by 7 feet wide when open. It weighs 133 pounds
If the recent U.S. election was held in Canada, John Kerry would have beaten George Bush in a landslide - 64% to 19%
Oprah Winfrey and Elvis Presley are distant cousins
55% of Americans claim they would continue working even if they received a $10,000,000 lottery prize
The company that manufactures the greatest number of women's dresses each year is Mattel. Barbie's got to wear something
All radios in North Korea have been rigged so listeners can only receive a North Korean government station. The United States recently announced plans to smuggle $2,000,000 worth of small radios into the country so North Koreans can get a taste of (what their government calls) "rotten imperialist reactionary culture"
La Paz, Bolivia is the world's most fireproof city. At 12,000 feet about sea level, the amount of oxygen in the air barely supports a flame
The estates of 22 dead celebrities earned over $5 million in 2004. These celebrities include Elvis Presley, Dr. Seuss, Charles Schulz, J.R.R. Tolkien and John Lennon
George Washington spent about 7% of his annual salary on liquor
Each year, more people are killed by teddy bears than by grizzly bears
If you disassembled the Great Pyramid of Cheops, you would get enough stones to encircle the earth with a brick wall twenty inches high
Nearly one third of New York City public school teachers send their own children to private schools
The New York City Police Department has a $3.3 billion annual budget, larger than all but 19 of the world's armies
CBS's fine for Janet Jackson's "wardrobe malfunction" in the 2004 Super Bowl show was $550,000. This could be paid with only 7.5 seconds of commercial time during the same Super Bowl telecast
In September 2004, a Minnesota state trooper issued a speeding ticket to a motorcyclist who was clocked at 205 mph
Al Gore's roommate in college (Harvard, class of 1969) was Tommy Lee Jones
In her later years, Florence Nightingale kept a pet owl in her pocket
The New York Jets were unable to find hotel rooms for a game in Indianapolis recently because they had all been booked up by people attending Gencon, a gaming convention
China is the world's largest market for BMW's top of the line 760Li. This car sells for $200,000 in China - more than almost all people in China make in a lifetime
A chef's hat is shaped the way it is for a reason: its shape allows air to circulate around the scalp, keeping the head cool in a hot kitchen
Life expectancy for Russian men has actually gone down over the past 40 years. A Russian male born today can expect to live an average 58 years
Each year, sixteen million gallons of oil run off pavement into streams, rivers and eventually oceans in the United States. This is more oil than was spilled by the Exxon Valdez
An employee of the Alabama Department of Transportation installed spyware on his boss's computer and proved that the boss spent 10% of his time working (20% of time checking stocks and 70% of the time playing solitaire). The employee was fired, the boss kept his job
In 1985, the most popular waist size for men's pants was 32. In 2003, it's 36
Solid structures (parking lots, roads, buildings) in the United States cover an area the size of Ohio
A Brussels Airlines flight to Vienna was aborted because the pilot was attacked in the cockpit. The attacker was a passenger's cat, who got out of its travel bag
Physicists have already performed a simple type of teleportation, transferring the quantum characteristics of one atom onto another atom at a different location
At General Motors, the cost of health care for employees now exceeds the cost of steel
There is a regulation size half-court where employees can play basketball inside the Matterhorn at Disneyland
One of pitcher Nolan Ryan's jockstraps recently sold at auction for $25,000
Television stations hung banners at the 2004 Democratic National Convention, including Al-Jazeera, until it was noticed and taken down
A woman was chewing what was left of her chocolate bar when she entered a Metro station in Washington DC. She was arrested and handcuffed; eating is prohibited in Metro stations
The New York City subway system, in an effort to raise revenue, is considering selling sponsorships of individual stations to corporations. Riders could soon be getting off at Nike Grand Central Station or Sony Times Square
The Nike swoosh was designed by a Portland State University student, and purchased by Nike for $35
Gerald Ford once worked as a cover model for Cosmopolitan magazine
Gillette spent $1,000,000 to place razor samples in the welcome bags handed out at the Democratic National Convention, only to have them confiscated as they were considered a threat. This caused huge delays at all security checkpoints
Quebec City, Canada, has about as much street crime as Disney World
Jim Carrey voted in 2004 at the Beverly Hills City Hall. He had an assistant wait in line for him, however
As part of a charity event, 500 cats were spayed and neutered in the cafeteria of an elementary school. School was cancelled for days and $10,000 was spent on cleaning and sterilizing the room
The United States has five percent of the world's population, but twenty-five percent of the world's prison population
Seven percent of Americans claim they never bathe at all
The largest McDonald's is in Beijing, China - measuring 28,000 square feet. It has twenty nine cash registers
A house in Baghdad worth $15,000 before the Iraq war now sells for $120,000 to $150,000
There are between 5,000 and 7,000 tigers kept as pets in the United States
The fertility rate in states that voted for George Bush is 12% higher than states that favored John Kerry
The chicken is one of the few things that man eats before it's born and after it's dead
The number of US college students studying Latin is three times the number studying Arabic
In 2004, one in six girls in the United States enter puberty at age 8. A hundred years ago, only one in a hundred entered puberty that early
If you hook Jell-O up to an EEG, it registers movements almost identical to a human adult's brain waves
Some dogs can predict when a child will have an epileptic seizure, and even protect the child from injury. They're not trained to do this, they simply learn to respond after observing at least one attack
32 out of 33 samples of well-known brands of milk purchased in Los Angeles and Orange counties in California had trace amounts of perchlorate. Perchlorate is the explosive component in rocket fuel
The remains of 125 people will be launched into space where they will orbit the Earth for centuries
The leading cause of on-the-job deaths in workplaces in America is homicide
So far, Congress has authorized $152,600,000,000 for the Iraq war. This is enough to build over 17,500 elementary schools
Americans take an average of just ten days per year vacation. In France, the law guarantees everyone five weeks of vacation, and most full-time workers get two full months vacation
The IRS admits that one in five people who call their help line get the wrong answer to their question
20% of Americans think that the sun orbits around the Earth
Van Halen singer David Lee Roth trained to be an EMT in New York City, and planned to be certified by November 2004
The thong accounts for 25% of the United States women's underwear market
On average, 40% of all hotel rooms in the United States remain empty every night
When you hear a bullwhip snap, it's because the tip is traveling faster than the speed of sound
There is a new television show on a British cable called "Watching Paint Dry". Viewers watch in real-time. Gloss, semi-gloss, matte, satin, you name it. Then viewers vote out their least favorite
The largest ocean liners pay a $250,000 toll for each trip through the Panama Canal. The canal generates fully one-third of Panama's entire economy
French author Michel Thaler published a 233 page novel which has no verbs
The spring thaw finally allows cemeteries in Alaska to start digging graves for those who died during the winter
When Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen turn 18 in mid-2004, they will take official control of a company worth more than the gross national product of Mongolia. Their earnings in 2003 topped $1 billion
Orthodox rabbis warned that New York City drinking water might not be kosher; it contains harmless micro-organisms that are technically shellfish
David Bowie thinks he is being stalked by someone who is dressed like a giant pink rabbit. Bowie has noticed the fan at several recent concerts, but he became alarmed when he got on a plane and the bunny was on board
A party boat filled with 60 men and women capsized in Texas after all the passengers rushed to one side as the boat passed a nude beach
In 1997, a woman in Bradenton, Florida lost her cat. In 2004, she got a call from the local animal shelter. The cat turned up wandering the streets in San Francisco, California. The cat's identity was proven with a microchip that had been implanted prior to 1997
Almost 20% of the billions of dollars American taxpayers are spending to rebuild Iraq are lost to theft, kickbacks and corruption
The treasury department has more than twenty people assigned to catching people who violate the trade and tourism embargo with Cuba. In contrast, it has only four employees assigned to track the assets of Osama bin Laden and Saddam Hussein
There are 40,000 New York City cab drivers, who collectively drive more than a million miles each day
An estimated 800,000 senior citizens voluntarily give up their driving privileges each year. The average age at which they surrender the wheel is 85
More than 8,100 US troops are still listed as missing in action from the Korean war
3,400,000 Americans are considered "Extreme Commuters". These people commute over 90 minutes round trip every day to work
82% of Americans made a purchase at Wal-Mart in 2002
Oslo, Norway is the world's most expensive city. A gallon on gas costs almost $5, and it costs $1.32 to use the public restrooms
Villanova University's commencement speaker this year is the actor who plays Big Bird
In 1965, auditions were held for the "Monkees" TV show. Some of the people who responded (but were not hired) were Stephen Stills, Harry Nilsson, Paul Williams and Charles Manson
Kevin Spacey's older brother is a professional Rod Stewart impersonator
71% of office workers stopped on the street for a survey agreed to give up their computer passwords in exchange for a chocolate bar
George W. Bush and John Kerry are 16th cousins, three times removed
If current trends continue, Medicare costs will absorb 51% of all income tax revenues by 2042
The prison system is the largest supplier of mental health services in America, with 250,000 Americans with mental illness living there
Newest trend in the Netherlands: Tiny jewels implanted directly into the eye
Researchers have found that doctors who spend at least three hours a week playing video games make about 37% fewer mistakes in laparoscopic surgery than surgeons who didn't play video games
Before he had his own show, Jerry Seinfeld appeared on three episodes of the TV show "Benson" as the governor's speechwriter
There are 1,008 McDonald's franchises in France
Hostess Twinkies were originally filled with banana filling. The filling was changed during World War II when the United States experienced a banana shortage
World War II veterans are now dying at the rate of about 1,100 each day
George W. Bush is probably going to be the eighth president in US history to have completed a term in office without ever having issued a single veto
A deployed air bag adds as much as $2,000 to the cost of repairing a vehicle. That's enough for insurance companies to often declare the car "totaled"
For the first time in history, the number of people on the planet aged 60 or over will soon surpass those under 5
A British gymnast survived a fall from a fourth story window because he went into a somersault and came down on two feet
One out of five people in the world (1.1 billion people) live on less than $1 per day
The Swedish pop group ABBA recently turned down an offer of $2 billion to reunite
The New Yorker magazine now has more subscribers in California than New York
Five years ago, 60% of all retail purchases were made with cash or check. Now it's 50%. By 2010, 39% of purchases will be made by cash or check
35 Billion e-mails are sent each day throughout the world
The richest self-made American under 40 is Michael Dell, chairman of Dell Computers. He is worth $18 billion
Legislators in Santa Fe, New Mexico, are considering a law that would require pets to wear seat belts when traveling in a car
Life Savers got their shape by a malfunctioning machine, which mistakenly punched a hole in the center of each candy
SUV sales are up 18% in the first quarter of 2004 vs. the same period of 2003, even though gas prices are skyrocketing. Consumer surveys show that gas prices would have to hit $3.75 per gallon before there will be any real impact on SUV sales
Airport security agents at Logan Airport in Boston, Massachusetts caught a passenger trying to sneak a severed seal head onto a plane inside a cooler. The man said he was a biology professor and had found the dead animal on the beach
Jimmy Carter once reported a UFO in Georgia
There are 150,000,000 cell phones in use in the United States, more than one per every two human beings in the country
A Boeing 767 airliner is made of 3,100,000 separate parts
The average child recognizes over 200 company logos by the time he enters first grade
Last December, the House of Representatives earmarked $50,000,000 to create an indoor rain forest in Iowa
Amusement park attendance goes up after a fatal accident. It seems many people want to ride upon the same ride that killed someone
Jeffrey and Sheryl McGowen in Houston turned to vitro fertilization. Two eggs were implanted in Sheryl's womb, and both of them split. Sheryl gave birth to two sets of identical twins at once
For every ton of fish that is caught in all the oceans on our planet, there are three tons of garbage dumped into the oceans
June Foray did the voice for Rocky the Flying Squirrel and the Chatty Cathy dolls
Japanese and Chinese people die on the fourth of the month more often than any other dates. The reason may be that they are "scared to death" by the number four. The words four and death sound alike in both Chinese and Japanese
People with initials that spell out GOD or ACE are likely to live longer than people whose initials spell out words like APE, PIG, or RAT
More people in the United States die during the first week of the month than during the last, an increase that may be a result of the abuse of substances purchased with benefit checks that come at the beginning of each month
In the film Forrest Gump, all the still photos show Forrest with his eyes closed
There are an average of 18,000,000 items for sale at any time on EBay
The New York Times reports that in February 2004, 62% of all e-mail was spam
A Massachusetts surgeon left a patient with an open incision for 35 minutes while he went to deposit a check
In 1991, the average bra size in the United States was 34B. Today it's 36C
U.K. telecom provider Telewest Broadband is testing a device that hooks to your PC and wafts a scent when certain e-mails arrive
The average North Korean 7-year-old is almost three inches shorter than the average South Korean 7-year-old
In 1993, David McLean developed lung cancer. He died on October 12, 1995. McLean's death made him the second Marlboro Man to die of lung cancer. Another actor, Wayne McLaren, died in 1992 at the age of 51 from lung cancer
There is a bar in London that sells vaporized vodka, which is inhaled instead of sipped
According to market research firm NPD Fashionworld, fifty percent of all lingerie purchases are returned to the store
On EBay, there are an average of $680 worth of transactions each second
The Eiffel Tower shrinks 6 inches in winter
The first FAX machine was patented in 1843, 33 years before Alexander Graham Bell demonstrated the telephone
72% of Americans sign their pets' names on greeting cards they send out
In an effort to encourage the use of nuclear energy, the United States lent highly enriched uranium to countries all over the world between 1950 and 1988. Enough weapons-grade material to make 1,000 nuclear bombs has still not been returned by such countries as Pakistan, Iran, Israel and South Africa
Homing pigeons use roads where possible to help find their way home. In fact, some pigeons followed roads so closely that they actually flew around traffic circles before choosing the exit that led them home
Every year, 2700 surgical patients go home from the hospital with metal tools, sponges, and other objects left inside them. In 2000, 57 people died as a result of these mistakes
A snowflake can take up to a hour to fall from the cloud to the surface of the Earth
Only 5 percent of the ocean floor has been mapped in as much detail as the surface of Mars
The only people whose likenesses adorn Pez dispensers are Betsy Ross and Paul Revere
We forget 80 percent of what we learn everyday
Pain is measured in units of "dols". The instrument used to measure pain is a "dolorimeter"
In a nod to astronauts, Texas is the only state that permits residents to cast absentee ballots from space
Eleven top executives of the Direct Marketing Association (the telemarketers' group that is trying to kill the federal "Do Not Call" list) have registered for the list themselves
An iceberg the size of Long Island, New York, has broken off Antarctica and has blocked sea lanes used by both ships and penguins
In 2003, the Transportation Security Administration dropped a requirement that air marshals pass a marksmanship test. Some applicants were even hired after they repeatedly shot flight attendants in mock hijacking episodes
As of January 2004, the United States economy now borrows $1,500,000,000 each day from foreign investors
A Costa Rican worker who makes baseballs earns about $2,750 annually. The average American pro baseball player earns $2,377,000 per year
Former keyboard player for Jethro Tull David Palmer is now a woman named Dee Palmer. He waited until his wife died before going through with his longtime desire for a sex change
During Bill Clinton's entire eight year presidency, he only sent two e-mails. One was to John Glenn when he was aboard the space shuttle, and the other was a test of the e-mail system
Albert Einstein never knew how to drive a car
The UK's best selling hiking magazine published faulty coordinates for descending Scotland's tallest peak (Ben Nevis), and recommended a route that leads climbers off the edge of a cliff
The Mars Rover "Spirit" is powered by six small motors the size of "C" batteries. It has a top speed of 0.1 mph
Zeppo Marx (the unfunny one of the Marx Brothers) had a patent for a wristwatch with a heart monitor
The entire town of Capena, Italy (including children as young as 2 years old) lights up cigarettes each year in honor of St. Anthony's Day. This tradition is centuries old
The Amish a diet high in meat, dairy, refined sugars and calories. Yet obesity is virtually unknown among them. The difference is since they have no TVs, cars or powered machines, they spend their time in manual labor
Microsoft threatened 17 year old Mike Rowe with a lawsuit after the young man launched a website named MikeRoweSoft.com
As of January 1, 2004, the population of the United States increases by one person every 12 seconds. There is a birth every eight seconds, an immigrant is added every 25 seconds, but a death every 13 seconds
There is a Starbucks in Myungdong, South Korea that is five stories tall
Astronauts cannot burp in space. There is no gravity to separate liquid from gas in their stomachs
There has been no mail delivery in Canada on Saturday for the last thirty five years
The weight of air in a milk glass is about the same as the weight of an aspirin tablet
The world's smallest winged insect is the Tanzanian parasitic wasp. It's smaller than the eye of a housefly
Two-thirds of the world's eggplant is grown in New Jersey
The winter of 1932 was so cold that Niagara Falls froze completely solid
The glue on Israeli postage stamps is certified kosher
If you have three quarters, four dimes and four cents, you have $1.19. But you cannot make exact change for a dollar
There are more plastic flamingoes in the United States than real ones
The chance that you will die on the way to buy your lottery ticket is greater than the chance of you winning the big prize in most lotteries
Winston Churchill was born in a ladies' room during a dance
Dolly Parton once lost a Dolly Parton Look-Alike contest
An average of 100 people choke to death on ball point pens each year
The National Anthem of Greece has 158 verses
Barbie's full name is Barbara Millicent Roberts
The liquid inside young coconuts can be used as a substitute for blood plasma
The highest point in Pennsylvania is lower than the lowest point in Colorado
The Bible has been translated into Klingon
Toto was paid $125 per week while filming the "Wizard of Oz"
All polar bears are left handed
Fidgeting can burn about 350 calories a day
To help reduce budget deficits, several states have begun reducing the amount of food served to prison inmates. In Texas, the number of daily calories served to prisoners was cut by 300, saving the state $6,000,000 per year
The only member of the band ZZ Top without a beard has the last name Beard
Pope John Paul II is the world's Scrabble champion in the over-70 category
Montpelier, Vermont is the only state capitol without a McDonald's
Wearing headphones for an hour increases the bacteria in your ear 700 times
In 1993, the board of governors at Carl Karcher Enterprises voted (5 to 2) to fire Carl Karcher. Carl Karcher is the founder of Carls Jr. restaurants
The little hole in the sink that lets the water drain out, instead of flowing over the side, is called a "porcelator.
The wingspan of a Boeing 747 jet is longer than the Wright Brothers' first flight
Ted Turner owns 5% of New Mexico
Over 8 years, this happened 284 times: "Cosmo" Kramer went through Jerry Seinfeld's apartment door
The cruise liner Queen Elizabeth 2 moves only six inches for each gallon of diesel fuel that it burns
There are more 100 dollar bills in Russia currently than there are in the United States
It is physically impossible for pigs to look up into the sky
65% of Elvis impersonators are of Asian descent
Burt Reynolds was originally cast to be Han Solo in the first Star Wars film. He dropped out before filming
Pope John Paul II was named an "Honorary Harlem Globetrotter" in 2000
There are only three types of snakes on the island of Tasmania and all three are deadly poisonous
It is believed that Shakespeare was 46 around the time that the King James Version of the Bible was written. In Psalms 46, the 46th word from the first word is "shake" and the 46th word from the last word is "spear"
If you stretch a standard Slinky out flat it measures 87 feet long
The strength of early lasers was measured in Gillettes, the number of blue razor blades a given beam could puncture
The drive-through line on opening day at the McDonald's restaurant in Kuwait City, Kuwait was at times seven miles long
Point Roberts in Washington State is cut off from the rest of the state by British Columbia, Canada. If you wish to travel from Point Roberts to the rest of the state or vice versa, you must pass through Canada, including both Canadian and U.S. customs
The Pentagon in Washington, D. C. has five sides, five stories, and five acres in the middle
Sylvia Miles had the shortest performance ever nominated for an Oscar with "Midnight Cowboy." Her entire role lasted only six minutes
There is an ATM at McMurdo Station in Antarctica, which has a winter population of 200
111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,32
Newborn babies are given to the wrong mother in the hospital 12 times a day worldwide
The Starbucks at the highest elevation is on Main Street in Breckenridge, Colorado
Each year, over 1,000,000 people fail to itemize out the mortgage interest deduction on their income taxes. Last year, this amounted to $473,000,000 in taxes
In 1998, more fast-food employees were murdered on the job than police officers
The lead singer of The Knack, famous for "My Sharona," and Jack Kevorkian's lead defense attorney are brothers, Doug and Jeffrey Feiger
Two very popular and common objects have the same function, but one has thousands of moving parts, while the other has absolutely no moving parts - an hourglass and a sundial
One out of three employees who received a promotion use a coffee mug with the company logo on it
If you know a (male) millionaire who happens to be married, The most likely profession of his wife is a teacher
An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain
1 pound of lemons contain more sugar than 1 pound of strawberries
The "you are here" arrow on maps is called an ideo locator
60% of all US potato products originate in Idaho
61,000 people are airborne over the US at any given time
A flamingo can eat only when its head is upside down
Mark Twain was born on a day in 1835 when Halley's Comet came into view. When he died in 1910, Halley's Comet was in view again
The Weddell seal can travel underwater for seven miles without surfacing for air
In 1963, baseball pitcher Gaylord Perry remarked, "They'll put a man on the moon before I hit a home run." On July 20, 1969, a few hours after Neil Armstrong set foot on the moon, Gaylord Perry hit his first (and only) home run
The longest words in the English language with only one syllable are the nine-letter "screeched" and "strengths"
Pinocchio is Italian for "pine eye"
All of the clocks in the movie "Pulp Fiction" read 4:20
A female ferret will die if it goes into heat and cannot find a mate
A baby is born without kneecaps. They appear between age 2 and 6
Women blink nearly twice as much as men
Al Capone's business card said he was a used furniture dealer
A snail can have about 25,000 teeth
A snail can also sleep for three years
A starfish can turn its stomach inside out
A strand from the web of a golden spider is as strong as a steel wire of the same size
A toothpick is the object most often choked on by Americans
About a third of all Americans flush the toilet while they're still sitting on it
According to Genesis 1:20-22 the chicken came before the egg
Soldiers from every country salute with their right hand
The microwave oven was invented by mistake when an engineer testing a magnetron tube noticed that the radiation from it melted the chocolate bar he had in his pocket
Moisture, not air, causes super glue to dry
Only 14% of Americans say they've skinny dipped with the opposite sex
"60 Minutes" on CBS is the only TV show to not have a theme song or music
Half of all Americans live within 50 miles of their birthplace
Most boat owners name their boats. The most popular boat name requested is Obsession
100% of all lottery winners gain weight
An average American will spend an average of 6 months during his lifetime waiting at red lights
The Olympic flag's colors are always red, black, blue, green and yellow rings on a field of white. This is because at least one of those colors appears on the flag of every nation on the planet
Cats can hear ultrasound
In a recent survey, Americans revealed that banana was their favorite smell
In all three Godfather films, when you see oranges, there is a death (or a very close call) coming up soon
The arteries and veins surrounding the brain stem called the "circle of Willis" looks like a stick person with a large head
Brushing your teeth regularly has been shown to prevent heart disease
If you were to spell out numbers, you would you have to go until 1,000 until you would find the letter "A"
23% of employees say they have had sex in the office
Bullet proof vests, fire escapes, windshield wipers and laser printers were all invented by women
Married men change their underwear twice as often as single men
A kiss stimulates 29 muscles and chemicals causing relaxation. Women seem to like it light and frequent, men like it more strenuous
There are more collect calls on Father's Day than any other day of the year
Mel Blanc (voice of Bugs Bunny) was allergic to carrots
40% of all people who come to a party in your home snoop in your medicine cabinet
3.9% of all women surveyed say they never wear underwear
Superman is featured on every episode of "Seinfeld", either by name or pictures on Jerry's refrigerator
85% of the men who cheat on their wives die while having sex
Men can read smaller print than women; women can hear better
Every day more money is printed for Monopoly than for the US Treasury
American Airlines saved $40,000 in 1987 by eliminating one olive from each salad served first class
Percentage of Africa that is wilderness: 2
Percentage of North America that is wilderness: 3
Percentage of American men who say they would marry the same woman if they had it to do all over again: 8
Percentage of American women who say they would marry the same man: 5
Percentage of men who say they are happier after their divorce or separation: 5
Percentage of women who say they are happier: 8
Average life span of a major league baseball: 7 pitche
Percentage of bird species that are monogamous: 9
Percentage of mammal species that are monogamous: 
Chances that a burglary in the United States will be solved: 1 in 
One third of the land in the United States is owned by the government
The hummingbird is the only bird that can fly backwards
Antarctica is the only continent without reptiles or snakes
An eagle can kill a young deer and fly away with it
In the Caribbean there are oysters that can climb trees
Intelligent people have more zinc and copper in their hair
The world's youngest parents were 8 and 9 and lived in China in 1910
When George Lucas was mixing the American Graffiti soundtrack, he numbered the reels of film starting with an R and numbered the dialog starting with a D. Sound designer Walter Murch asked George for Reel 2, Dialog 2 by saying "R2D2". George liked the way that sounded so much he integrated that into another project he was working on
The youngest pope was 11 years old
Mark Twain didn't graduate from elementary school
Proportional to their weight, men are stronger than horses
Pilgrims ate popcorn at the first Thanksgiving dinner
Your nose and ears never stop growing
They have square watermelons in Japan - they stack better
Iceland consumes more Coca-Cola per capita than any other nation
Heinz Catsup leaving the bottle travels at 25 miles per year
It is possible to lead a cow upstairs but not downstairs
Men get hiccups more often than women
Armadillos can be housebroken
Human teeth are almost as hard as rocks
The first Fords had engines made by Dodge
A mole can dig a tunnel 300 feet long in just one night
Peanuts are one of the ingredients in dynamite
Ancient Egyptians slept on pillows made of stone
A hippo can open its mouth wide enough to fit a 4 foot tall child inside
A quarter has 119 grooves on its edge, a dime has one less groove
A hummingbird weighs less than a penny
Until 1796, there was a state in the United States called Franklin. Today it is known as Tennessee
The flashing warning light on the cylindrical Capitol Records tower spells out HOLLYWOOD in Morse code
Every time you lick a stamp, you're consuming 1/10 of a calorie
The average person has over 1,460 dreams a year
One in every 4 Americans has appeared on television
The average American will eat about 11.9 pounds of cereal per year
Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete
Over 1,000 birds a year die from smashing into windows
The State of Florida is bigger than England
Ants stretch when they wake up in the morning
It's against the law to have a pet dog in Iceland
Your heart beats over 100,000 times a day
Thomas Edison, light bulb inventor, was afraid of the dark
During your lifetime, you'll eat about 60,000 pounds of food. That's the weight of about 6 elephants
Some ribbon worms will eat themselves if they can't find any food
Dolphins sleep with one eye open
The world's oldest piece of chewing gum is 9000 years old
In space, astronauts cannot cry, because there is no gravity, so the tears can't flow
About 3000 years ago, most Egyptians died by the time they were 30
More people use blue toothbrushes than red ones
A sneeze travels out your mouth at over 100 m.p.h
Your ribs move about 5 million times a year, every time you breathe
In the White House, there are 13,092 knives, forks and spoons
Slugs have 4 noses
Recycling one glass jar saves enough energy to watch TV for 3 hours
Lightning strikes about 6,000 times per minute on this planet
Owls are the only birds who can see the color blue
The average American drinks about 600 sodas a year
It's against the law to slam your car door in Switzerland
There wasn't a single pony in the Pony Express, just horses
Honeybees have hair on their eyes
A jellyfish is 95 percent water
In Bangladesh, kids as young as 15 can be jailed for cheating on their finals
A company in Taiwan makes dinnerware out of wheat, so you can eat your plate
The elephant is the only mammal that can't jump
The penguin is the only bird who can swim, but not fly
The most common name in the world is Mohammed
Q is the only letter in the alphabet that does not appear in the name of any of the United States
One quarter of the bones in your body are in your feet
America once issued a 5-cent bill
You'll eat about 35,000 cookies in your lifetime
Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different
Babe Ruth wore a cabbage leaf under is cap to keep him cool. He changed it every 2 innings
Fortune cookies were actually invented in America, in 1918, by Charles Jung
A man named Charles Osborne had the hiccups for 69 years
A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21-inch tongue
Chewing gum while peeling onions will keep you from crying
The pitches that Babe Ruth hit for his last-ever homerun and that Joe DiMaggio hit for his first-ever homerun where thrown by the same man
Bats always turn left when exiting a cave
The praying mantis is the only insect that can turn its head
In Tokyo, they sell toupees for dogs
There are over 52.6 million dogs in the U.S
Dogs and cats consume almost $7 billion worth of pet food a year
Fingernails grow nearly 4 times faster than toenails
Baby robins eat 14 feet of earthworms every day
The Pentagon has twice as many restrooms as necessary. When it was built, segregation was still in place in Virginia, so separate restrooms for blacks and whites were required by law
In England, in the 1880's, "Pants" was considered a dirty word
Most dust particles in your house are made from dead skin
In 2003, there were 86 days of below-freezing weather in Hell, Michigan
The average person laughs 15 times a day.
The United States is the only wealthy, industrialized nation that does not have a universal health care system. Source: Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences
Hello Test!